update doc for perf_train_cpu_many, add intel mpi introduction (#18576)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/perf_train_cpu_many.mdx

where `{pytorch_version}` should be your PyTorch version, for instance 1.12.0.
Check more approaches for [oneccl_bind_pt installation](https://github.com/intel/torch-ccl).

## Intel® MPI library
Use this standards-based MPI implementation to deliver flexible, efficient, scalable cluster messaging on Intel® architecture. This component is part of the Intel® oneAPI HPC Toolkit.

> it could be installed from [mpi installation](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/tool/oneapi-standalone-components.html#mpi).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be installed via [MPI](https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/tool/oneapi-standalone-components.html#mpi).
```
